>> Mike North: I'm actually
gonna go through and
make sure we're all set up here.
I'm gonna sort of explain
the set up process bit by bit.
Some of this is covered in the README.
But just in case some
people are having issues,
I wanna make sure we're not
leaving anyone out in the cold.
>> Mike North: All right, so the first
thing we need,let me clear everything out.
So I can do npm run clean, and
that's gonna get rid of everything.
And you'll see here,
if we had looked before I had
a dist folder here, I still do.
So the only thing that's left is a couple
of certs, I can get rid of those in fact.
>> Mike North: All right, great.
So there's nothing in my desk folder,
the folder exists, that's it.
The first thing we wanna do is we
wanna generate some certificates.
And there are some shortcuts
that I have in the README.
But I'm gonna show you how to actually
keep these commands only using node in
case you're having some
issue with those scripts.
So the main file that's
sort of the entry point for
the cli stuff we're working with is here.
Server/cli/cli.js, so
we wanna run it like this we can say,
node and
then follow it with that file name.
And what we get out is this sort of
this little documentation here and
you can see we've got
a couple commands we can run.
We've got help as one of those commands,
which will just do what you're
seeing on the screen, here.
But I'm interested in
generating some certificates,
so I'm just gonna add that as
an argument to the end here.
And in my dist folder, [SOUND] let me
make sure that's working properly.
>> Mike North: Here they are.
So here my certificates
that were just generated.
And now, I will convince you
that this is really happening.
Delete, Delete, and
let's generate them again.
There we go, okay, so
you may need certificates when
working with your web application.
And this is, for
many developers, the first time they're
dealing with certificate generation.
You have to be very, very,
very careful about this.
If you trust some strange certificate,
like someone hands you a certificate
authority, and they say like,
just use this for development purposes.
We're gonna all share to
the certificate authority.
Whoever has that private
key they can observe and
tamper with any HTTPS traffic
that you send from your machine.
So if you trust a certificate authority
you're handing over the keys for
all of your privacy, and all of your
security, including your online banking.
So be really careful about that.
The way this is working there's a piece
of software here called devcert,
that generates a certificate of
authority on each of your machines.
Nobody has that key except you,
we're not sharing anything at all.
And then, what happens is any
app that needs a certificate,
they'll generate their own
like sign by that authority.
And in this case it's one that's
gonna expire in 14 days, and
then he would just have
to generate a new one.
But it's sort like an expiration date,
that means, even after this
workshop is done, if someone gets
it a year from now, it is useless.
So that's what we've got here,
we're generating the certificates.
And I'm just gonna look
at my commands here,
to make sure I'm not skipping any steps.
So we're gonna run this
prepvapid command as well.
Vapid-keys are necessary for web push.
So if you wanted to just
copy the right hand side of
line 24 here in package JSON run that.
You should see in your private folder
you have this vapid.json thing here.
I'm not going to click on it because that
is, there is something secret in there and
it is in JSON.
You would see my private key,
you would be able to send my machine,
push notifications.
The next thing we're gonna do, so
we've already generated the certs here,
we're going to run this command here.
Essentially, what that's doing is
clearing out any certificates that were
there before.
So you wanna come back in 14 days,
the certificate's invalid,
the browser is giving you
all sorts of warnings.
You just want a clean slate,
so you could just do that.
So we're getting rid of dist,
get ourselves a clean slate.
And then finally, all we're doing is
copying these certificates and the dist.
It seems like a couple
little backflips here, but
one of the limitations of our HTTP2 server
is we basically can point it at a folder.
And it's gonna look for a key and
a certificate of a particular name, and we
have to set things up just right, so the
stars align perfectly so that it works.
So now we finished this prepcerts step,
and
I also wanna get on video.
I'm using node 7.10 not 7.1.0,
it is 7.10.0, so
there are some features that were
using their that require you to have
a relatively recent version of node.
At least this recent you may be able
to get away with with an older version.
And then we are going to,
I just wanna start the UI, right?
So there are two components
in this project here.
You can see we've got a client folder,
so that's our little React App.
And our server folder down here,
that's a little node.js,
JSON API, and
we've even got a little database here.
But let's just make sure that this, oops,
let's make sure that the UI starts up.
We'll just do npm run watch, so
this does not start the API, okay?
So this looks good, and
if I were to then visit this URL.
>> Mike North: I should see
something that looks like the app.
This is exactly what you
should be seeing right now.
Ajax requests are failing at the moment,
our API is not there to satisfy them.
But this is how you know
that the webpack and
the React side of things
are operating as usual.
And you also may notice that I currently
have to trust this certificate.
Now if you are getting a certificate
warning here, there are a couple of ways
to get buy it, like most browsers offer
means to ignore that specific certificate.
If I were to open it up in Safari here,
I can actually click on this lock,
show the certificate, and I mean sorry,
let me make it a little bit easier for
people to see.
Display,
>> Mike North: Scaled
perfect,
>> Mike North: So
there's this Trust area here,
and if I did not trust it,
I would have the ability to go ahead,
and opt in or opt out of that.
So it's already tested for all users.
I'm using system default here, but on
a Mac you should be able to visit this and
sort of opt in.
This is that certificate authority
that you've signed and trusted.
And this is the disposable certificate,
that is a,
it looks like I have my expiration date
wrong, but we will fix that later on.
All right, so
now that we know that that works,
>> Mike North: Let's
try to run the whole thing.
And the way we'll run the whole thing is,
going back to that cli command here.
And you may be able to just
do ./run serve, right?
That will work for most of you.
If that doesn't work, if I haven't done
my Windows due diligence properly,
we'll just go back to that cli thing here.
And the command we're gonna run is not
gen-certs, it's going to be serve.
And you should see a bunch
of stuff start up.
At the top we can see we're serving
the web client in that mode over
localhost 3000.
And here we're serving
the API over localhost 3100.
We're actually using the same
certificate for both.
Now if we look at our app you should
see something that looks like this.
So the idea there was the README
should be sufficient for
most developers,
particularly if you use a Mac.
Going through all of this should have
gotten you to where you need to go.
However, if you're using a Windows
machine like the step by step process,
we just went through.
If I've screwed things up that
requires only node doesn't require
any shell scripts or running too
much through npm script runner.
So that step by step process should've
helped you assemble what you need.
And in the end, we've got now in the dist
folder the certificates we need.
And the last thing I wanna
do is we can kill this,
and I wanna build the app,
npm run build:prod.
So this is gonna take a little while,
because it's heavily
optimizing this thing.
One of the great benefits of webpack,
and there are some great
Frontend Masters Webpack courses
that are worth checking out.
It's actually shaking away any
code that we don't end up using.
So it's trying to any module that
we haven't explicitly imported,
or imported something that
need that it's going to,
our users don't have to download that.
So now if I do,
>> Mike North: So
if we look at the dist folder here,
and we look at this app file,
which is,
>> Mike North: Right here,
it's this gzipped 1.
We can see, there's our ADK that
we're starting with, right there.
So this is the non-gzipped size, 297.
And then ADK here, and
that might be a shocking shrink there,
gzipped it works really well for
ridiculously repetitive strings.
And all of our API calls like
document.createElement, or
React createClass.
All of that gets compressed really,
really, really nicely.
We have a nice degree of
repetition in this code.
So ADK that's our starting point.
And I do wanna do,
I promise this is really the last thing.
>> Mike North: We'll add this
environment variable at the beginning.
This is going to,
once the build is complete,
open up a little web based tool where
we can explore what is in this ADK?
Where is that coming from?
So if we look at it here,
we can hover over,
it looks like not responsive text here.
We can hover over the various sections of
this tree visualization, and you wanna
look at the gzipped size, which in the
tool tip is the bottom most level there.
So you can see, here's our client,
this is our application code on the right.
We've got about 8.3 kilabytes of that.
Stuff that's coming from node modules
accounts for the rest, about 68 kilobytes.
And the big culprits here are react-dom,
so that's 35 kilobytes.
The qrcode-reader, and
we're gonna start working with
qrcodes a little bit later today.
That is the really expensive
thing we're doing on the client.
And then we've got couple of other
libraries that are much smaller here.
I want us to keep an eye on this,
because one of our goals
here is to try to make it.
So if the user's not skinny
qrcode they shouldn't
have to download that every
time they go and visit the app.
We wanna sort of make that
happen at the last minute.
If you're using a Mac this
probably went pretty smoothly.
If you're using Windows
the biggest tip I can give you is,
Windows 10 you want to install
the Linux subsystem for Windows.
It is a recent advancement
in the past year or so.
Essentially, it installs pieces
of Ubuntu which is a popular
Linux distribution, it installs them
side by side with your Windows OS.
The end result is you can run a true
bash environment inside Windows
without having to worry about Cygwin or
running a virtual machine.
This makes it so
your set-up process is much faster.
And as we encounter little setup issues,
we will add them to the README,
and a troubleshooting section.